WebGPU PR #4 — Interfaces for handling errors and queries (#25184)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/gpucompilationmessage/type/index.md

---
title: GPUCompilationMessage.type
slug: Web/API/GPUCompilationMessage/type
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.GPUCompilationMessage.type
---

{{APIRef("WebGPU API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

The **`type`** read-only property of the
{{domxref("GPUCompilationMessage")}} interface is an enumerated value representing the type of the message. Each type represents a different severity level.

## Value

A enumerated value. Possible values are:

- `"error"`
  - : A shader-creation error, which stops successful compilation.
- `"info"`
  - : A purely informative message, which is low severity.
- `"warning"`

>   - : A warning about an issue that will not stop successful compilation, but which should be handled before it causes any problems.

Reviewer: Minor suggested change:
```suggestion
  - : A warning about an issue that will not stop successful compilation, but merits attention by the developer. For example: use of deprecated functions or syntax.
```

Author: Updated.
